fix: Setting atomic operation on Parse Object returns operation instead of prospective value (#860)
parse-community/Parse-SDK-Flutter: packages/dart/CHANGELOG.md

> ## Unreleased
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [5.0.0](https://github.com/parse-community/Parse-SDK-Flutter/compare/dart-5.0.0...dart-4.0.2) (UNRELEASED)

```

> ## [5.0.0](https://github.com/parse-community/Parse-SDK-Flutter/compare/dart-5.0.0...dart-4.0.2) (2023-04-21)
> 
> ### BREAKING CHANGES
> 
> * The SDK now returns the estimated value for a key after performing an atomic update on that key, instead of a map of the operation ([#860](https://github.com/parse-community/Parse-SDK-Flutter/pull/860))
>     * Example:
>       ```
>          dietPlansObject.setIncrement('numKey', 3);
>          print(dietPlansObject.get('numKey')); 
>       ```
>       Previously this will print something like this `{__op: Increment, amount: 3}` rather than the result of the increment operation, which is `3`.
>       So now you will get the result of the operation (`3`) rather than a map of what will be sent to the server.
> 
> 
> ### Bug Fixes
> 
> * Calling `getRelation` on `ParseObject` after add/remove relation operation will throw: `type 'Map' is not a subtype of type 'ParseRelation<ParseObject>?' in type cast` ([#860](https://github.com/parse-community/Parse-SDK-Flutter/pull/860))
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Unreleased

### BREAKING CHANGES

* Performing an atomic update on a key of a Parse Object now returns the prospective value, instead of a map of the operation that will be sent to the server; for example for a Parse Object `obj` with a key `count`, the atomic update `obj.setIncrement('count', 1);` previously returned the value `{__op: Increment, amount: 1}` but now returns the prospective result of the operation, which would be `1` if the key's previous value was `0`. ([#860](https://github.com/parse-community/Parse-SDK-Flutter/pull/860))

### Bug Fixes

* Setting atomic operation on Parse Object returns operation instead of prospective value ([#860](https://github.com/parse-community/Parse-SDK-Flutter/pull/860))

```

> 

Author: The (UNRELEASED) label is still present. we should remove it, right?

Reviewer: Good catch!
